--- PAGE 1 ---
The Domestic
An Introductory Solo Adventure for
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
SCENTIN POTESTAS P
BASED ON THE NOVELS
BY BEN AARONOVITCH
GAVIN INGLIS WITH LYNNE HARDY AND PAUL FRICKER CHAOSTOM
INC.

--- PAGE 2 ---
The Domestic
An Introductory Solo Adventure for Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
Based on the short story by Ben Aaronovitch
GAVIN INGLIS WITH LYNNE HARDY AND PAUL FRICKER

--- PAGE 3 ---
Rivers of London:
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
the Roleplaying Game Authors
Ben Aaronovitch, Gavin Inglis, Paul Fricker, Lynne
Hardy, Mike Mason
"The Domestic" Authors
Gavin Inglis with Lynne Hardy
Editing
Lynne Hardy and Mike Mason
Art Direction
Lynne Hardy with Mike Mason and Ben Aaronovitch
Cover Art
Gary Bedell
Interior Art and Photographs
Gary Bedell, Irene Cano, JB Casacop, Caleb Cleveland,
Richard Hardy, Maurice Mosqua, Brooklyn Smith
Character Sheets
Matt Ryan and Max Harrison
Book Design
Simeon Cogswell
Layout
Chandler Kennedy
Copy Editing and Proofreading
Susan O'Brien
Licensing Manager
Daria Pilarczyk
Licensing
Michael O'Brien and Daria Pilarczyk
Rivers of London:
the Roleplaying Game Line Editor
Lynne Hardy
Play Testers
Mads Christensen, Paul Fricker, Drew Gotobed, Lynne
Hardy, Richard Hardy, Tina Kinnar, Mike Mason, Sam
Roads, Cris Watkins
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game © 2023 Chaosium Inc. All rights reserved.
Rivers of London, including all distinctive characters and locations 2011-2023 Ben Aaronovitch. Used with permission.
Chaosium Inc. and the Chaosium logo are registered trademarks of Chaosium Inc. All rights reserved.
Images of dice examples Richard Hardy 2023. Used with permission.
This is a work of fiction. This book includes descriptions and portrayals of real places, real events, and real people;
these may not be presented accurately and with conformity to the real-world nature of these places, people, and events, and are reinterpreted through the lens of the Rivers of London and Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game in general.
No offense to anyone living or dead, or to the inhabitants of any of these places, is intended.
This material is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America.
Reproduction of this work by any means without written permission of Chaosium Inc., except for the use of short excerpts for the purpose of reviews and the copying of character sheets, maps, handouts, and rules summaries for in-game use, is expressly prohibited.
Find more Chaosium Inc. products at chaosium.com.
Chaosium Inc.
3450 Wooddale Court
Ann Arbor, MI 48104
CHA3201
ISBN: 978-1-56882-484-0

--- PAGE 4 ---
Special Thanks
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
Chaosium and Lynne Hardy would like to thank Ben
Aaronovitch, John Berlyne of Zeno Agency Ltd, and Anne
Hall for their ongoing support.
Lynne would also like to thank Mike Mason for his advice and support, and Michael
O'Brien and Daria Pilarczyk for their assistance in bringing
this project to fruition.
Clear Credit
Paul Fricker devised the rules system for Rivers of London: the
Roleplaying Game based on the Call of Cthulhu 7th Edition rules,
with development and additional material from Lynne Hardy
and Mike Mason.
The Introduction was adapted by Lynne
Hardy from material in Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game,
written by Paul Fricker and Lynne Hardy, along with new
material written by Lynne Hardy.
"The Domestic" was written
by Gavin Inglis, based on the short story of the same name
by Ben Aaronovitch.
Next Steps was written by Lynne Hardy.
Filler art was designed by Lynne Hardy and realised by
Irene Cano.
The Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game layout
template was designed by Simeon Cogswell.
The Rivers of
London: the Roleplaying Game character sheets were designed
by Matt Ryan and programmed by Max Harrison.
The dice photographs on page 6 were taken by Richard
Hardy.
Contents
INTRODUCTION. 5
What is a Tabletop Roleplaying Game? 5
The Rivers of London Setting .5
Roleplaying Dice. 6
Glossary .7
THE DOMESTIC ..9
Start Here ..9
NEXT STEPS 32

--- PAGE 5 ---
(Empty - Image Page)

--- PAGE 6 ---
CLLC
Introduction
It started at one thirty on a cold Tuesday morning in January...
-Rivers of London
RIVERS OF LONDON: the Roleplaying Game (RoL:RPG) is
a game of mystery and magic, set in the world of Ben
Aaronovitch's Rivers of London urban fantasy novels and
comics also known as the "Peter Grant series" after their
main character.
Don't worry if you're new to tabletop roleplaying games-
this booklet is designed to introduce new players to the hobby
while also showcasing RoL:RPG to those who've done this
sort of thing before!
What is a Tabletop Roleplaying Game?
A tabletop roleplaying game, or RPG for short, is an
interactive storytelling game.
Often, it's a collaborative game
you play with your friends, but you can also play an RPG on
your own, as The Domestic (page 9) shows you.
RPGs are
different to board and card games, in that there are no winners
or losers, but the overall aim is still the same: to have fun.
If you're playing with a group, you and your fellow players
work together to achieve a common goal while telling the
most dramatic and interesting stories you can.
One player
acts as the Game Moderator, or GM. Their role is a little
different to everyone else's, as they "run" the game for the rest
of the players.
This means they provide the stories the group
tells together-sometimes called "scenarios" or "adventures,"
or, in ROL:RPG, "case files."
They also represent all the
people the player's characters meet during the adventure,
as well as arbitrating the game's rules more on that in a
moment.
Everyone else plays intrepid investigators (player
characters), whose job it is to figure out the mysteries the GM
presents them, while learning more about the world and their
place in it.
By talking to each other, the GM and players collaborate
to complete the chosen story together.
Occasionally, they'll
roll some dice (Roleplaying Dice, page 6) to determine if
something important happens as expected. The GM sets
the scene by describing the surroundings and any other
people who are present-known as non-player characters
(NPCs) as well as what's happening in the scene.
The
players then describe how their investigators react to what
they've just learned.
Depending on what they're trying to do,
the investigators may succeed or fail, just as Peter Grant does
in the novels, which all adds to the tension and excitement!
ROL:RPG, like all games, has its own rules. When a player
describes what their investigator is trying to do, the GM may
call for a dice roll to see if the investigator is successful.
Dice
rolls are usually made because a character's success or failure
will have a dramatic impact on them, the other characters,
and/or the plot.
The rules, supported by the dice rolls, help
the GM make that decision in a fair and unbiased way.
But what if you don't have a group to play with?
The scenario
in this booklet, The Domestic (page 9), is what we call a solo
adventure a type of RPG scenario designed for one person
to play through on their own.
The book acts as the GM for
you, with the text telling you when you need to roll dice and
what the results mean.
It contains all the instructions you
need to complete it and gives you the opportunity to learn
some of ROL:RPG's key concepts through play, as well as
introducing you to elements of the game's setting.
Speaking of the game's setting...
The Rivers of London Setting
In the Rivers of London stories, magic is real. Technically,
anyone can use it, although it can be dangerous to do so
without the proper training.
Back in the 17th century, Sir
Isaac Newton formulated a set of principles for using magic
safely.
These were adopted by a group of magic users who
became known as "Newtonian practitioners."
They formed
a gentlemen's club called the Society of the Wise and took
up residence in "the Folly," a grand building on Russell
Square, which became the official home of English magic.
Over time, its members took on the role of policing English
5

--- PAGE 7 ---
INTRODUCTION
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
magic users and other sections of the so-called demi-monde
(see Glossary, page 7), including maintaining a complicated
set of agreements that prevented the demi-monde's most
powerful members, the genii locorum (spirits of place), from
running amok.
Fast forward to the 21st century: the Folly still exists, but
in much reduced circumstances, as the Metropolitan Police
Service's "magic branch," more formally known as the Special
Assessment Unit (SAU).
For many years, DCI Thomas
Nightingale was the Folly's only active policeman-cum-
Newtonian practitioner, largely because it was believed that
was sufficient, given magic's overall decline since World War
II.
However, in January 2012, following a bizarre murder in
Covent Garden, Nightingale recruited then-PC Peter Grant
as his apprentice.
Thanks to a resurgence of magical beings
and phenomena, in 2015, Nightingale and Grant realised
they needed more help to tackle supernatural mysteries
and began drafting something called "the Folly Expansion
document," which described how the Special Assessment
Unit planned on expanding its ranks.
Now it's 2016, and that's where you or rather, your
investigator-comes in!
As a player in Rivers of London: the
Roleplaying Game, you take on the role of a newly-recruited
member of the Folly, working to uncover mysteries, solve
crimes, and learn more about the strange world bubbling just
below the surface of everyday life.
Roleplaying Dice
To play The Domestic, you need a set of percentile dice
(D100).
Optionally, you may also wish to have an additional
ten-sided die (D10) of a different colour to use as a bonus/
penalty die.
(Don't worry, we'll explain what bonus and
penalty dice are as you play through the solo adventure).
Such dice can be purchased separately or come in a set of
"roleplaying" or polyhedral dice available from hobby, game,
and online stores.
Alternatively, dice-rolling apps and
websites with a dice rolling simulator can be used.
If you are new to roleplaying games you may never have
seen dice with more than six sides before.
The letter D stands
A Good Dice Roll
for the word "die" or "dice." The number after the D stands
for the range of random numbers it produces when rolled:
D10 generates the random numbers 1-10, for instance, while
D100 generates the numbers 1-100.
Percentile dice-or D100 for short usually consist of two
10-sided dice that are rolled at the same time.
These dice are
a pair consisting of a "units" die and a "tens" die.
The units die
has a single digit on each face and is numbered 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6,
7, 8, 9, 0;
while the tens die has two numbers on each face and
is numbered 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 00.
When rolled, you read the top numbers on both dice
to obtain your result.
For example, a roll of 00 on the tens
die combined with a 0 on the units die indicates a result of
100-unfortunately, not a good roll, as we explain in The
Domestic.
However, a roll of 00 on the tens die combined
with any other number on the units die indicates a roll of
under 10;
for example, a roll of 00 on the tens die and 3 on the
units die is read as 3-a much, much better result.
Likewise,
a roll of 40 on the tens die combined with a roll of 7 on the
units gives a result of 47.
Alternatively, you could use two units dice of different
colours.
Read the die of one colour consistently as the tens
digit and the other as the units digit: thus, a result of 2 and 3
reads as 23, a result of 0 and 1 reads as 1, and a result of 1 and
0 reads as 10. A result of 0 and 0 reads as 100.
What Now?
Hopefully, you now have more of an idea about what
roleplaying games are and are keen to try one for yourself.
The
next step is for you to play through The Domestic (page 9).
Good luck!
A Bad Dice Roll
20
00
35
00
09
6
09
0

--- PAGE 8 ---
Introduction
Glossary
Term Definition
Case file An adventure the investigators go on together; also known as a scenario or adventure
Character sheet Where a player records information about their investigator
D10 A ten-sided die
D100 Percentile dice (comprised of a ""units"" die and a ""tens"" die)
Demi-monde, the People and creatures who have been touched or changed in some way by magic
Folly, the The Metropolitan Police Service's ""magic branch,"" aka the Special Assessment Unit. Located on the corner of Russell Square and Bedford Place.
Game Moderator (GM) The player who runs (referees) the game
Genii locorum Spirits of place; sing. genius loci
Investigator A player's character in the game
Newtonian Magic A system of casting spells formulated by Sir Isaac Newton
Practitioner Someone who uses magic; so a Newtonian practitioner is someone who uses Newtonian magic
Roleplaying Game (RPG) A collaborative storytelling game
7

--- PAGE 9 ---
(Empty - Image Page)

--- PAGE 10 ---
LLCC
The Domestic
AS WE MENTIONED in the Introduction (page 5), this
short adventure aims to teach you the basics of Rivers of
London: the Roleplaying Game (RoL:RPG).
If you've already
read Ben's short story called "The Domestic," don't worry-
we've added in some extra material, with Ben's permission, to
give it a few new twists and turns.
One important note before you dive in: don't read the text
from start to finish!
In a solo adventure like this, you read
one numbered section (an entry) at a time, then follow the
instructions at its end to see what to read next.
Sometimes
you will have to roll dice to see if you succeed or fail-don't
be tempted to cheat with these rolls.
You won't necessarily
have more fun if you always succeed.
And, once you've
finished, you can always go back to the beginning and try
a different path to see what would have happened if you'd
made different choices.
At the end of each entry, you will
find a number in parentheses these are "trace numbers"
that show which entries may have led you there meaning you
can backtrack if you have to.
Gather the following: a blank character sheet (download
one from chaosium.com), some scrap (scratch) paper, a pencil
and eraser, and two ten-sided percentile dice (Roleplaying
Dice, page 6), or you can also use a dice-rolling app, if you
have one.
You are now ready to play Rivers of London: the
Roleplaying Game. Go to entry 1.
Adapted from the short story by Ben Aaronovitch.
Does This Cover All the Rules?
No, but this solo case file does intro-
duce you to almost all of the game's
key concepts, such as characteristics,
skill values, and Luck.
We have sim-
plified combat, damage, and magic to
smooth the play experience for you,
though.
We decided that, if this is your
first experience of a roleplaying game,
we didn't want to throw everything
at you all at once!
Instead, this adven-
ture gets you familiar with some of
the game terms and basic mechanics,
which are then developed in the core
ROL:RPG rulebook, available separately
from chaosium.com.
9

--- PAGE 11 ---
SOLO CASE FILE: THE DOMESTIC
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
The 20-mph (32 kph) speed limit makes it easy to read the
doors as you drive your Ford Escort east on Prince of Wales
Road.
The house numbers count down along a mishmash of
terraces, interrupted only by the pillared front of a former
Methodist chapel, now a contemporary art centre with the
obligatory cafe and gift shop.
You find what you're looking
for in the low hundreds and, by some miracle, there is a
parking space opposite, just wide enough for your car.
Safely wedged into the parking space, you take a moment
to review the report.
Verbal disagreements in the basement
flat, three nights in a row. Two voices heard, getting louder
each time.
Culminating on the third night in an almighty
crash that prompted a 999 (emergency services) call from
the couple upstairs, the Romanian students next door, and
a cyclist delivering curry who was startled enough to drop
his bag over the railing, ending up with an unholy amalgam
of tikka masala, korma, and saag aloo.
The responding
officers found signs of a struggle, but no other persons on
the premises.
You step from the car to see an unsympathetic-looking
woman wearing a Hi-Viz safety jacket, a peaked cap, and
an acid perm.
She is a Civil Enforcement Officer, otherwise
known as a parking warden. She notes down your car's
registration number.
You begin with the following common skills: Athletics, Drive,
Navigate, Observation, Read Person, Research, Social, and
Stealth.
You also have the combat skills: Fighting and Firearms.
All these skills begin with a value of 30%.
Write the number 30 on
your character sheet in the first space beside each of these skill names.
Now, decide what your job is:
If you are a Police Officer, go to 9.
If you are a Social Worker, go to 42.
If you are a Nurse, go to 72.
(Start)
latex glove and dispose of them lawfully. Ernie is willing to
return to the car, which has remarkably not been ticketed
during your three-minute absence.
He shows no particular
interest in Mrs Fellaman's flat and nods off again. You settle
in to continue the stakeout.
Characters recover over time. If you were Hurt, you now return
to normal;
update your character sheet by erasing the "Hurt" mark.
Go to 7.
(106)
3
You hear the scuff of feet behind the door. It then opens and
a little old woman sticks her head around the doorjamb.
"Yes?
Can I help you?"
You ask if she is Mrs Eugenia Fellaman.
"Yes." Her eyes narrow. "Are you with those two boys
from earlier?"
You assure Mrs Fellaman you have come alone.
She opens the door and steps out, blinking. As she steps up
and scans the street, you notice the faded purple of a bruise
on her left cheek.
To ask her directly about the bruise, go to 14.
To wait for her to return to the door, go to 20.
To take the opportunity to look inside the house, go to 31.
To ask about these "two boys," go to 35.
To insist on coming in to talk, go to 46.
(107)
2
The rush hour traffic begins to break as you chauffeur Ernie
across Euston Road and back north.
Somewhere near
Mornington Crescent he starts snoring. You stop around
the corner from Prince of Wales Road to pick up supplies.
On your third circuit, a parking space opens up in front of
Mrs Fellaman's flat and you cut up an aggrieved woman in a
Chelsea tractor to secure the spot.
It is seven o'clock.
Around eight, Ernie stirs. You watch him closely, but
the way he whines and paws the door suggests no magic is
involved.
He lets you attach the lead and take him down a
cul-de-sac for a comfort break.
You capture the results in a
4
Wild-eyed, Knuckles grits his teeth as he swings the heavy
masonry hammer at you.
Knuckles is initiating an attack against you. His "action" is to try
to hit you with his hammer.
His Fighting skill is 40/20 (which
means Regular 40/Hard 20).
As the target of his attack, you get to "respond."
You may use a
combat manoeuvre-a special type of attack to break his
grip on the hammer.
Decide whether you want to disarm your
opponent or flee.
Then carry out an opposed Fighting roll: Knuckles makes
a Fighting roll and gets a Regular success.
Make your own
Fighting roll and compare the result to Knuckle's Regular success.
Remember, a dice result of triple zero (100) is a fumble, while a
01 is a Critical success.
10

--- PAGE 12 ---
Solo Case File: The Domestic
Compare the two results: Critical success beats Hard success;
Hard success beats Regular success; Regular success beats fail;
fail
beats fumble.
If you win the opposed roll, go to 8.
If you lose the opposed roll, go to 12.
If it is a draw, go to 28.
(6, 19, 56, 97)
5
You pull out of your precious parking space and turn south
towards Russell Square, taking Camden Street to avoid the
shuffling mass of tourists attracted to the Lock by overpriced
hummus wraps, Doc Martens, and spicy noodles.
On the
edge of Somers Town you see a local butcher and pop out of
the car for a necessary purchase.
The Folly occupies a Georgian terrace on the south side
of Russell Square, a location it shares with the Council of
British International Schools, the London Mathematical
Society, and a birdshit-covered statue of the fifth Duke of
Bedford.
You pull into the garage around the back. DC
Grant's Ford Focus ST, or "Asbo," is not there a bad sign.
But perhaps his dog Toby is still in residence.
Inside the Folly, Toby's basket is empty. A familiar ink-
skirted figure glides past, her gaze moving across you like
a duster on a long-neglected shelf.
This is the housekeeper,
Molly. You work up some courage and ask her if you can
borrow the Folly's famed ghost-hunting dog.
She stops and
tilts her head to the side, the black almond-shaped eyes
beneath her mob cap skewering you where you stand.
After
an awkward silence, you repeat the request, holding up
your sausages.
For a moment the meaty packet sits in your hand like a
terrible, inadvertent insult.
Then Molly straightens her head
and glides to the door.
She points to the far corner of the yard
in a manner reminiscent of Donald Sutherland at the end of
Invasion of the Body Snatchers.
Go to 11.
(102)
"I told you there'd be consequences, Genie. You can't just borrow
money and not pay it back."
Knuckles notices the crockery on
the floor. "Strewth. Some other mob get here before us?"
A second man steps through the window, with a flat
cap, a bad goatee, and a missing incisor.
He points at you.
"Who's this?"
"A witness," Knuckles says. He hefts the hammer and steps
towards you.
His body language says he is looking for a
chance to use it. "Beat it," he snarls.
If you are a Police Officer, you may identify yourself.
Go to 19.
Otherwise, you may cast a spell, if you know one.
To cast Impello,
go to 26. To cast Scindere, go to 69.
To tackle your attacker physically, go to 4.
(101)
7
A little after nine o'clock the parking warden emerges from
the darkness, light from the streetlamps glinting on her
Hi-Viz jacket.
She takes a momentary interest in the Escort,
but seeing you behind the wheel, she rolls her eyes and moves
on.
Ernie growls from the back seat.
Although resentment of traffic wardens could be his natural
inclination, you turn around to calm your borrowed dog.
He
is not reacting to the traffic warden. His ears are forward,
his tail straight back.
He stares at the building, his attention
completely focused on the basement flat, and barks twice.
This is as good a confirmation of supernatural activity as
you will get, and judging from the witness reports, indicates
the presence of a ghost.
You slip out of the Escort and shut
Ernie inside. From the pavement, you can hear an argument.
A raised voice, Mrs Fellaman's, and then a response-a
younger, deeper, male voice.
It is followed by the crash of
breaking crockery.
To knock firmly on the door, go to 13.
To slip around the back, go to 33.
To draw Mrs Fellaman out by tapping on the window and
hiding, go to 70.
(2)
6
A masonry hammer pushes the glass inwards. Spiky
fragments fall to the floor among the crockery.
The heavy
metal head runs around the frame, clearing the remaining
spikes before its wielder steps through.
He is a square
and yobbish twentysomething with a bent nose, tattooed
knuckles, and cold eyes.
11

--- PAGE 13 ---
SOLO CASE FILE: THE DOMESTIC
8
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
You step inside the hammer's swing, closing to an intimate
distance and negating Knuckles' advantage.
If you decided to disarm your opponent, go to 23.
If you decided to flee from the fight, go to 109.
(4, 28, 34)
9
You show your warrant card to the parking warden. She
grimaces.
It's understandable, working as she does for the
Parking Operations Operations Team (POOT), formerly
the Parking Services Operations Team (before that, it was
the Parking Services Enforcement Team).
She eyes your
plainclothes and the Ford Escort.
"Are you on official business?" she asks, stylus poised above
her battered handheld computer, desperately holding onto
the fraying threads of her authority.
You are a Police Officer attached to the Folly. Note down Police
Officer as your Occupation.
You have the expert skills of Law 60%
and Magic 60%.
Write these skills and their starting values of 60
down in the space for expert skills on your character sheet.
Now, choose four of your common skills and raise them from 30%
to 60%. Your starting skills are ready.
Finally, roll your ten-sided "units" die twice (usually written as
2D10) and add the result to 50. This is your starting Luck value.
So, if you rolled 3 and 8, your result would be $3+8+50=61.$ Note
down your starting and current Luck values in the spaces provided.
For the moment, these numbers are both the same, but that may
change as this adventure continues.
Go to 17.
(1)
Nightingale, the Folly's resident master of magic, has taught you
lux, which you used to master the spell Werelight.
You have not
yet practised enough to learn a second order spell combining two
forma.
But you have learned a second forma and can use it for
another first order spell.
If you decided to learn Impello, which moves an object, go to 21.
If you decided to learn Scindere, which holds an object in
place, go to 30.
(18, 22, 65, 83, 96, 100, 108)
11
From the corner of the yard, behind the bins, comes the sound
of bestial rage and mortal combat.
Something in the shadows
tears through plastic and cardboard, snarling through its
teeth.
It does not sound much like Toby the Ghost-Hunting
Dog, who has a generally amiable personality, with a distinct
affinity for anybody providing food.
To sneak up to the bins and look behind them, go to 15.
To continue surveillance from a distance, go to 24.
(5)
12
You try to step back from the swing, but the heavy hammer
smashes into your shoulder and knocks you off-balance.
Mark down that you take 2 damage. If you have suffered 2 damage
in total, you are Bloodied, and so mark the Hurt and Bloodied
boxes on your character sheet and go to 34.
If you have suffered a total of 3 or more damage, you are Down,
and so mark the Down box on your character sheet and go to 78.
(4, 28, 34)
10
Mrs Fellaman heads for the kitchen. You take a moment to
survey the flat.
Ignoring a chair with its legs broken and the
fragments of crockery strewn across the floor, you can see the
Victorian origins of the building this flat was previously
the servants' quarters, as well as the kitchen and coal bunker.
Everything is crammed into a tight space with a low ceiling.
The fireplace is bricked up.
You have a moment to consider how to handle the ghost in
this place. A magical intervention will be required.
Spells in ROL:RPG are cast by forming shapes in the mind
(forma). First order spells use only a single forma.
DCI
13
You descend the iron stairs. As you hear another plate shatter,
you rap on the door.
Immediately all noise ceases from inside.
Nothing moves for 30 seconds.
You lift up the letterbox and yell to Mrs Fellaman that
you know she's in there and you don't intend to leave.
After
a prolonged pause, you hear the scuff of reluctant feet, and
the door opens once more.
Anger and guilt battle on Mrs
Fellaman's face.
"What do you want this time?" she says.
If you are a Police Officer, go to 18.
12

--- PAGE 14 ---
Solo Case File: The Domestic
If not, make a Power (POW) roll. If you succeed, go to 22; if you
fail, go to 27.
(7,49)
14
Mrs Fellaman stops as you ask about the bruise. She very
deliberately does not lift her hand to her cheek.
"I walked into the door, didn't I?" she says. "You get like that
when you're a bit older."
You find a gentle way to say that neither of you believes
that.
She screws up her nose and pushes past you, back
into the doorway.
Look at the characteristics on your character sheet. You have
Strength (STR) 80. Write it down in the first space beside the
characteristic name.
When you make a STR roll, you will attempt
to roll equal to 80 or lower.
In the second space beside the characteristic name, write down half
of that value.
In this case, write down 40. When you make a Hard
STR roll, you will attempt to roll equal to 40 or lower.
To wait patiently for Mrs Fellaman to invite you inside, go to 61.
To look for anything that might facilitate illicit entry, go to 71.
To ask about the "two boys," go to 76.
To insist on looking inside the house, go to 82.
(3)
15
The volume of the snarling and rending increases as you pad
across the yard and press yourself against the wall to look
behind the bins.
Abruptly, the noise stops.
Make a Stealth roll. Remember, roll 1D100 and attempt to get
your Stealth skill value or less.
Any time you make a skill or characteristic roll, you may spend
Luck to improve that roll.
So, if you needed 30, but rolled 39, you
can choose to spend 9 points of Luck to improve the roll and succeed.
Of course, later in the adventure, you may wish you still had
those Luck points!
If you do spend Luck, don't forget to update your current Luck
value on your character sheet.
If you succeed at the Stealth roll, go to 29.
If you fail the Stealth roll, go to 40.
(11)
16
Knuckles begins to disengage from the fight. He edges his
way towards the back window.
Continue the combat. If your opponent was the last person to
take their combat action, it is now your turn and vice versa.
His
Fighting skill is 40/20.
Carry out an opposed Fighting roll: make a Fighting roll for
Knuckles and then one for yourself.
Triple zero (100) is a fumble;
01 is a Critical success.
Compare the two results: Critical success beats Hard success;
Hard success beats Regular success; Regular success beats fail;
fail
beats fumble.
You can still spend Luck to resolve a tie.
If you win the opposed roll, go to 64.
If you lose the opposed roll, go to 103.
(43, 62, 89)
17
You tell the parking warden that you are on official business and
ask if she is often in this area late in the evening.
Disappointed,
she jabs her stylus at a small notice on a pole across the road
that says "Permit holders only until 11 pm."
She replies, "So, yes."
You ask if she has noticed any recent disturbances.
You are going to make a Luck roll. Roll two ten-sided dice again.
This time, use both your "tens" and your "units" dice.
This will
give you a number between 01 and 100. So, if the tens die comes
up 70, and the units die comes up 6, you have rolled 76. A triple
zero means 100.
This is known as rolling 1D100 and is the most common
roll in ROL:RPG play.
Compare what you rolled to your
current Luck value.
If you rolled the same as your current Luck value or less, you
succeeded at the Luck roll.
Go to 25.
If you rolled higher than your current Luck value, you failed the
Luck roll. Go to 36.
(9)
18
You tell Mrs Fellaman that you overheard an argument and
a violent exchange, and you intend to enter her residence to
assess the situation.
"No," she snaps. "Bugger off."
13

--- PAGE 15 ---
SOLO CASE FILE: THE DOMESTIC
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
You inform her that you have reason to believe she is
consorting with a spirit, in contravention of the Act against
Conjuration, Witchcraft, and Dealing with Evil and Wicked
Spirits 1604. Hopefully, Mrs Fellaman is not up to date on
the legislation, as the Act was superseded in 1735.
Her shoulders slump. "You'd better come in," she says.
Go to 10.
(13)
19
There is little room to back off. You raise your hand and issue a
verbal warning with the authority they taught you at Hendon.
Few villains are stupid enough to think that assaulting a
police officer will in any way improve their situation.
Unfortunately, Knuckles is one of that rare breed. He
swings the hammer.
Go to 4.
(6)
but you can achieve an effective cast of Impello every time,
particularly if you are thirsty.
Note on your character sheet that you have Werelight and Impello
as mastered spells.
You do this by marking the square next to
the spell name.
You begin with a number of magic points equal to one-fifth of your
Power (POW).
So, if you have a POW of 70, you begin with 14
magic points.
Each spell you master adds an additional magic
point, so add 2 magic points for mastering Werelight and Impello.
Thus, you have a total of 16 magic points. Note down your total
starting and current magic points in the spaces provided.
For the
moment, these numbers are both the same, but this will change as
the adventure continues.
To cast a spell, you must spend magic points. It is exceptionally
dangerous to spend more magic points than you have.
Magic points
regenerate on their own when you move from one scene to another.
Go to 41.
(10)
20
It's another 30 seconds before Mrs Fellaman seems satisfied
that you are not there to lure her into an ambush.
She returns
to the doorway and gives you a suspicious stare.
"You're very quiet, aren't you?" she says. "What do you want?"
Look at the characteristics on your character sheet. You have
Constitution (CON) 80. Write it down in the first space beside
the characteristic name.
When you make a CON roll, you will
attempt to roll equal to 80 or lower.
In the second space beside the characteristic name, write down half
of that value.
In this case, write down 40. When you make a Hard
CON roll, you will attempt to roll equal to 40 or lower.
To ask about the bruise on Mrs Fellaman's cheek, go to 50.
To look for anything that might facilitate illicit entry, go to 71.
To ask about the "two boys," go to 76.
To insist on looking inside the house, go to 82.
(3)
22
You tell Mrs Fellaman that you are aware her flat is haunted,
and you are a specialist who can help her to deal with the
offending spectre.
She curls her lip. "I don't want any help," she says.
You remind her that everybody is very concerned for her
welfare and, if the disturbances continue, the neighbours will
bring in the police;
also, she has a finite supply of crockery.
This last point seems to strike home.
"I wouldn't want my
Charles and Di wedding plate to get chipped," she says. "All right.
You'd better come in."
Go to 10.
(13)
23
You step, pivot, and twist the hammer as far as you can.
Knuckles gasps and drops it.
You have the presence of mind
to whip your foot out of the way as the hammer slams against
the floorboards.
You have disarmed your opponent. Go to 39.
21
After long nights attempting to push over empty cans of
fizzy drink from a distance, you progressed to long nights
successfully pushing over full cans of fizzy drink from
a distance.
Molly was not pleased about the sticky floor,
(8)
14

--- PAGE 16 ---
Solo Case File: The Domestic
24
You back up to the other side of the yard and try to see what is
banging around behind the bins.
Molly watches your heroics
like a cat studies a mortally wounded pigeon.
The animal if that is what it is seems to have
quietened down.
Make an Observation roll. Remember, roll 1D100 and attempt
to get your Observation skill value or less.
Any time you make a skill or characteristic roll, you may spend
Luck to improve that roll.
So, if you needed 40, but rolled 52,
you can choose to spend 12 points of Luck to improve the roll and
succeed.
Of course, later in the adventure, you may wish you still
had those Luck points!
If you do spend Luck, don't forget to update your current Luck
value on your character sheet.
If you succeed at the Observation roll, go to 47.
If you fail the Observation roll, go to 53.
(11)
25
"Funny you should ask," she says. "I've seen a couple of shady
characters hanging around over there."
She points the stylus
across the road again. "Not unusual for dealers to nip down the
basement stairs to make a sale. But these two were more like...
what would you call them... enforcers? The guys who break your
leg to persuade you to pay up."
Interesting. You cross the road.
Go to 107.
(17)
26
You concentrate on pushing Knuckles in the chest. "Impello!"
Spend 1 magic point. Make a Magic skill roll. Since you have
mastered Impello, you may have a bonus die.
This means you roll
your tens die twice and take the best result.
So, if you roll 92 and
22, you would use the 22.
If you succeed, go to 32. If you fail, go to 56.
(6)
15

--- PAGE 17 ---
SOLO CASE FILE: THE DOMESTIC
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
27
You tell Mrs Fellaman you are aware her flat is haunted,
and that you are a specialist who can help her deal with the
offending spectre.
"It's none of your business," she says. "Crock off, will you?" The
door slams in your face.
Ernie stares at you from the car window. He
seems unimpressed.
If you have not already tried it, you may go around the back
instead. Go to 33.
If you are willing to risk upsetting Mrs Fellaman further, you may
tap her window and conceal yourself in an attempt to draw her
out.
Go to 70.
Otherwise, you must make a forced entry. Go to 104.
(13)
28
You struggle to block the hammer. Knuckles grits his
teeth and snarls.
You may spend Luck to reduce your roll enough to increase your
level of success.
So, if you needed 30 for a Hard success and you
rolled 43, you would have to spend 13 points of Luck to succeed.
If
you do this, go to 8.
If you do not wish to spend Luck, the character who is taking their
action wins and the character who is responding loses.
So, if it is
your action, you win. Go to 8.
If it is Knuckles' action and you are responding, you lose. Go to 12.
(4,34)
29
You get a good look into the shadowy space behind the bins.
It is a dark nest feathered with shredded packaging, and at
its heart lurks a Yorkshire terrier.
This is not Toby. This is
some manner of grubby devil dog, with face markings not
unlike the kind of cartoon masked burglars who used to walk
around with huge sacks reading SWAG.
The dog notices you and emerges from its lair, growling
deep in its throat.
Go to 77.
(15)
30
Apple crumble has not tasted the same since you spent long
nights with Nightingale, attempting to fix an apple atop a
candlestick while he swung his cricket bat at it.
You have
developed some fluency with Scindere.
Note on your character sheet that you have Werelight and
Scindere as mastered spells.
You do this by marking the square
next to the spell name.
You begin with a number of magic points equal to one-fifth of
your Power (POW).
So, if you have a POW of 60, you begin
with 12 magic points.
Each spell you master adds an additional
magic point, so add 2 magic points for mastering Werelight and
Scindere.
Thus, you have a total of 14 magic points. Note down
your total starting and current magic points in the spaces provided.
For the moment, these numbers are both the same, but this will
change as the adventure continues.
To cast a spell, you must spend magic points. It is exceptionally
dangerous to spend more magic points than you have.
Magic points
regenerate on their own when you move from one scene to another.
Go to 41.
(10)
31
While Mrs Fellaman's back is turned, you take the
opportunity to pop your head inside the door.
You glimpse
a mean little corridor which opens into a mean little living
room/kitchen combination.
There are no obvious signs
of a struggle.
You pull back just as Mrs Fellaman turns around. She
gives you a suspicious look as she returns to the doorway.
Look at the characteristics on your character sheet. You have
Dexterity (DEX) 80. Write it down in the first space beside
the characteristic name.
When you make a DEX roll, you will
attempt to roll equal to 80 or lower.
In the second space beside the characteristic name, write down half
of that value.
In this case, write down 40. When you make a Hard
DEX roll, you will attempt to roll equal to 40 or lower.
To ask about the bruise on Mrs Fellaman's cheek, go to 50.
To wait patiently for her to invite you in, go to 61.
To ask about the "two boys," go to 76.
To insist on looking inside the house, go to 82.
(3)
16

--- PAGE 18 ---
Solo Case File: The Domestic
32
Knuckles opens his eyes wide in surprise as he is shoved by an
invisible hand.
The hammer drops from his grasp.
Make a Power (POW) roll. If you succeed, go to 37; if you
fail, go to 45.
(26)
33
Accessing the rear of Mrs Fellaman's flat is not straightforward.
It is one in a row of private gardens protected by a brick wall,
a serious knot of shrubbery, and a locked wooden gate stained
a pleasing cherry red.
You could deal with the lock, but the
simplest thing might be to go over the wall.
You wait for the street to clear of passers-by. A mother
with a young child is the last straggler.
As she bends to adjust
something in her buggy, you swing your leg up and brace
yourself on the wall.
Make an Athletics roll. Remember, you achieve a Regular success
if you roll equal to the skill value or less, and you achieve a Hard
success if you roll equal to half its value or less.
If you achieve a Hard success, go to 38.
If you achieve a Regular success, go to 44.
If you fail the roll, go to 49.
(7, 27, 91)
If it is a draw, go to 28.
(12, 109)
35
You ask about the two boys Mrs Fellaman referred to.
She
gives the street one last look and then returns to the doorway.
"Toerags," she says.
"Claimed I owe them money. I've never
seen them before in my life. If they come back I'll give them
something they won't like."
Door-to-door scams are still popular in the area,
particularly those that target the elderly.
But this particular
lady does not seem taken in by them.
Look at the characteristics on your character sheet. You have
Intelligence (INT) 80. Write it down in the first space beside
the characteristic name.
When you make an INT roll, you will
attempt to roll equal to 80 or lower.
In the second space beside the characteristic name, write down half
of that value.
In this case, write down 40. When you make a Hard
INT roll, you will attempt to roll equal to 40 or lower.
To ask about the bruise on Mrs Fellaman's cheek, go to 50.
To wait patiently for her to invite you in, go to 61.
To look for anything that might facilitate illicit entry, go to 71.
To insist on looking inside the house, go to 82.
(3)
34
Knuckles prowls the living room, watching your movements
for any sign of weakness.
He feints with the business end
of his hammer.
Continue the combat. If Knuckles has just taken his action, it
is now your action and vice versa.
His Fighting skill is 40/20.
Decide whether you want to disarm your opponent or flee.
If you
have already refused an opportunity to flee, you must attempt to
disarm.
Whether it is his turn to act or respond, Knuckles tries
to damage you.
Carry out an opposed Fighting roll. Knuckles makes a Fighting
roll and gets a fail.
Make a Fighting roll for yourself. Triple zero
(100) is a fumble; 01 is a Critical success.
Compare the two results: Critical success beats Hard success;
Hard success beats Regular success; Regular success beats fail;
fail
beats fumble.
If you win the opposed roll, go to 8.
If you lose the opposed roll, go to 12.
36
"Sure," she says. "Guy on the second floor uses a super soaker on
anybody playing grime with their car windows open. Passing beards
get physical about sourdough recipes. Old geezer walks a chihuahua
that feels threatened by railings and footwear. I see all life here."
You thank her for her diligence and cross the road.
Go to 107.
(17)
37
Knuckles flies backwards through the air. His leg snags on an
armchair and he flails, crashing to the ground head first.
He
stops moving. The hammer bumps on the carpet in front of you.
You turn to the second assailant.
Your successful POW roll increased the spell's effect. Go to 99.
(32)
17

--- PAGE 19 ---
SOLO CASE FILE: THE DOMESTIC
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
38
You vault the wall in a single, clean movement, avoiding
the foliage and landing catlike on the other side of the gate.
After this Olympic-level performance, it is a simple matter to
thread your way from garden to garden, counting the fences
until you are level with the rear of Mrs Fellaman's flat.
Go to 65.
(33)
39
Irate at the loss of his hammer, Knuckles advances, fists
raised.
His boxing stance is informed more by trashy cinema
than any commitment to the gym.
Knuckles jabs at your face. If he has already taken his
action, it is now your action and vice versa.
If the last thing
you did was cast a spell, it is now Knuckles' action. His
Fighting skill is 40/20.
Decide whether you want to damage your opponent or restrain
him.
Now, carry out an opposed Fighting roll: make a Fighting
roll for Knuckles, then one for yourself.
Triple zero (100) is a
fumble; 01 is a Critical success.
Compare the two results: Critical success beats Hard success;
Hard success beats Regular success; Regular success beats fail;
fail
beats fumble.
If the opposed roll is tied, you may spend Luck to reduce your roll
enough to increase your level of success.
So, if you needed 30 for a
Regular success and you rolled 54, you would have to spend 24
points of Luck to succeed.
If you do not wish to spend Luck, the character who is taking their
action wins and the character who is responding loses.
If you win the opposed roll and decided to damage your
opponent, go to 54.
If you win the opposed roll and decided to restrain your
opponent, go to 59.
If you lose the opposed roll, go to 48.
(23, 45, 86)
40
A hairy missile with teeth launches from behind the bins.
You throw yourself out of its path.
Make a Dexterity (DEX) roll. As usual, you may spend Luck
to improve your roll.
If you succeed, go to 58; if you fail, go to 68.
(15)
41
Mrs Fellaman emerges from the kitchen holding a white-
enamel camping mug and the kind of plastic cup that comes
from the top of a Thermos flask.
You sit down at the table.
China crunches beneath your feet. "Sorry I'm out of real
cups," she says.
Her teapot has somehow survived. As the tea brews
she offers you a custard cream.
You take one and ask
about the ghost.
"He's my husband," she says, the edge of her mouth curling.
"Victor. He first showed up three months ago. Always at night.
Same as he ever was. Quieter maybe."
You lead the conversation slowly to the bruise on her cheek.
She touches it as if she had forgotten it was there.
"We always used to row, you know, some people you just row
with-I suppose even him being passed on couldn't change that.
He made me so cross. I, uh..." She looks sheepish.
"I forgot he was
a ghost. I ran right through him, hit the wall, and fell over. You
know how it is, you grab the nearest thing. That was the cupboard.
It fell over, and then I had the Old Bill knocking at my door."
Your custard cream is finished. You ask Mrs Fellaman to
summon her husband for you.
"You're joking," she says. "He comes and goes when he
wants-always did."
You push back your chair, stand up, and open your palm.
You need a werelight to draw out the ghost. As there is no time
pressure on you to cast the Werelight spell, there is no need to make
a Magic roll to see if you are successful.
Spend 1 magic point and
write your new current magic point total in the space provided on
your character sheet.
Go to 51.
(21,30)
42
You tell the traffic warden you are a social worker visiting
a family across the road.
Her expression does not change.
"So, not delivering primary healthcare?" she asks, stylus poised
above her battered handheld computer.
You are a Social Worker with links to the Folly. Note down Social
Worker as your Occupation.
Raise your Observation, Research,
and Social skills from 30% to 60%.
Write these numbers in the
first space beside the skill names. You have the expert skill Magic
at 60%.
Write this in the space for expert skills. Choose one more
common skill and raise it from 30% to 60%.
You are also good at Languages. Decide on three specialisations
and assign those as expert skills at 60%, 30%, and 30%.
So, for
instance, you might have Languages (Gujerati) 60%, Languages
(Arabic) 30%, and Languages (Cantonese) 30%. Write your
18

--- PAGE 20 ---
Solo Case File: The Domestic
chosen languages on your character sheet, too. Your starting
skills are ready.
Finally, roll your ten-sided "units" die twice (usually written as
2D10) and add the result to 50. This is your starting Luck value.
So, if you rolled 1 and 8, your result would be $1+8+50=59.$ Note
down your starting and current Luck values in the spaces provided.
For the moment, these numbers are both the same, but that may
change as this adventure continues.
Go to 52.
(1)
43
Knuckles is a little too slow this time. You catch his forearm
and immobilise it.
If you already had Knuckles restrained, and you are a Police
Officer, go to 105.
If you already had Knuckles restrained, and you are a Nurse or
Social Worker, go to 84.
Otherwise, continue the combat, but give Knuckles a penalty die
for the remainder of the fight.
This means that every time you roll
for Knuckles, roll your tens die twice and take the worst result.
So, if the tens dice come up 40 and 60 and the units die comes up
9, you have rolled 49 and 69. The worst result is 69, so that's the
one you use to determine whether Knuckles succeeds or fails at his
Fighting roll.
You may attempt a further combat manoeuvre to restrain
Knuckles completely.
Go to 16.
(67)
back to his feet and closing for a fist fight. Still, you have
successfully disarmed him.
Although your POW roll was unsuccessful, the spell still had a
minor effect. Go to 39.
(32)
46
You explain to Mrs Fellaman that you would like to come in
to talk about the previous night's disturbance.
She returns
to the doorway.
"I've already spoke to the other copper," she says. By this she
means the sergeant whose perceptive report led to your
involvement.
You try again to invite yourself into the house.
Mrs Fellaman plants her feet and folds her arms.
Look at the characteristics on your character sheet. You have Power
(POW) 80. Write it down in the first space beside the characteristic
name.
When you make a POW roll, you will attempt to roll equal
to 80 or lower.
In the second space beside the characteristic name, write down half
of that value.
In this case, write down 40. When you make a Hard
POW roll, you will attempt to roll equal to 40 or lower.
To ask about the bruise on Mrs Fellaman's cheek, go to 50.
To wait patiently for her to invite you in, go to 61.
To look for anything that might facilitate illicit entry, go to 71.
To ask about the "two boys," go to 76.
(3)
44
You vault the wall, but your foot snags on a shrub and
you topple down the far side of the gate.
Your wrist bends
back at impact.
If you are a Nurse, go to 55. Otherwise, go to 60.
(33)
47
From this distance you see little movement behind the bins.
Something rustles quietly in the shadows, but it could easily
be the wrapping from a Marks & Spencer vegetable biryani.
Then you glimpse it out of the corner of your eye, moving
fast and low against the ground.
It passes beneath a window,
and you recognise that the bin fiend is a dog. But not Toby.
This is a scrappy Yorkshire terrier, with the kind of face that
Cerberus might pull upon learning he has been resurrected
in miniature with only one head.
Go to 77.
45
Knuckles stumbles back, collapsing into an armchair. His
hammer hits the carpet.
You can see him fail to process
what just happened. He falls back on what he knows, getting
19
(24)

--- PAGE 21 ---
SOLO CASE FILE: THE DOMESTIC
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
48
Knuckles throws a torrent of punches. You are knocked back
against the table.
Mark down that you take 1 damage. If you have suffered 1 damage
in total, you are Hurt.
If you have suffered 2 damage in total, you
are Bloodied. If either of these, go to 67.
If you have suffered 3 damage in total, you are Down. Go to 95.
(39)
49
With a brave effort, you get up on the wall, but you misjudge
the height of the gate.
Your supporting foot snags on a branch
and you tumble, landing on your back on the pavement.
A teenage boy in a Tottenham Hotspur strip (jersey) rounds
the corner, dribbling a football (soccer ball).
Seeing you
sprawled there, he pauses. Then he bounces his ball off the gate
and dodges around your head, beating an imaginary defender.
You get to your feet. A neighbour peers from their kitchen
window to see what all the noise is.
If you have not already tried it, you may return to the front door
and knock firmly. Go to 13.
Otherwise, you must make a forced entry. Go to 104.
(33)
50
Mrs Fellaman turns her head away as you ask about the bruise.
She very deliberately does not lift her hand to her cheek.
"I walked into the door, didn't I?" she says. "You get like that
when you're a bit older."
You find a gentle way to say that neither of you believes that.
She does not relent.
But she doesn't argue with you either.
You have Strength (STR) 60. Write that, and its half value of 30,
beside the characteristic name.
Your skills also use half values for Hard skill rolls. Fill those in now.
So, if your Fighting skill has a value of 30%, then its half value is
15%, written in this adventure as 30/15.
Go to 88.
(20, 31, 35, 46)
51
A small and very bright sphere appears in your hand, the
size of a golf ball.
From experience, you know its energy is
irresistible to ghosts. You place the werelight on the table.
Mrs Fellaman stares at it wide-eyed. "What's that?" she asks.
Before you can answer, the ball of light darkens to a dim
crimson. A ghost is feeding on its energy.
You look around.
20

--- PAGE 22 ---
Solo Case File: The Domestic
A man stands against the side wall, looking at you with
apparent amazement.
He is young, early 20s, wearing a rather
nice suit.
He looks like he could feature on the Wikipedia
page which defines the Mod subculture.
You raise an eyebrow at Mrs Fellaman.
"What?" she says. "He looks just like he did when I met him."
You look ghost-Victor over from head to toe. Your gaze
stops on his shoes. They're old, worn, brown;
too big for his
feet. Clumpy. No self-respecting Mod would wear those shoes.
To ask the ghost about Mrs Fellaman, go to 63.
To ask the ghost why he is here, go to 93.
To shut down the werelight, go to 101.
(41)
54
Your fist catches Knuckles on the ear. He yowls and cups a
hand over it.
Mark down on some scrap paper that you have inflicted 1 damage
to Knuckles.
If you have inflicted 3 or more damage in total, your
opponent drops to the ground.
Go to 99.
Otherwise, go to 67.
(39)
52
You explain that this is a preliminary visit to a new client.
The
warden points her stylus at a small notice on a pole across the
road.
"Permit holders only until 11 pm," she says. "Do you have
a permit for zone CA-F?"
You are going to make a Luck roll. Roll two ten-sided dice again.
This
time, use both your "tens" and your "units" dice.
This will give you
a number between 01 and 100. So, if the tens die comes up 50, and
the units die comes up 3, you have rolled 53. A triple zero means 100.
This is known as rolling 1D100 and is the most common
roll in ROL:RPG play.
Compare what you rolled to your
current Luck value.
If you rolled equal to your current Luck value or less, you succeeded
at the Luck roll. Go to 57.
If you rolled higher than your current Luck value, you failed the
Luck roll. Go to 66.
(42)
53
You keep your eye on the dark recess behind the bins. Things
seem to have quietened down.
A shadow flops, the torn
remains of a box catching an air current.
Where is the creature
that was enacting such loud violence a few seconds ago?
A hairy missile with teeth erupts from the ground beside
you. You throw yourself out of its path.
Make a Hard Dexterity (DEX) roll. Remember, on a Hard
challenge you need to roll equal to half of your DEX value or less.
As usual, you may spend Luck to improve your roll.
If you succeed, go to 58; if you fail, go to 68.
(24)
55
You have seen this injury hundreds of times a reflexive
thrust of the hand to break a fall.
At its worst, it results in a
broken collarbone, but you have a simple wrist sprain.
Only
rest will fix it permanently, but you can make do for now
with one of the bandages you keep about your person.
Nobody from the corner flat comes out to investigate while
you sit in their garden applying the bandage for compression.
You flex your fingers. This will be all right until you get home.
Favouring your other hand, you work from garden to
garden, counting the fences until you are level with Mrs
Fellaman's flat.
Go to 65.
(44)
56
Under pressure, you sometimes find it hard to shape the
forma.
The hammer arcing towards your head represents a
significant amount of pressure. This time, the spell eludes you.
You must deal with your attacker, hand-to-hand. Go to 4.
(26)
57
You are forced to concede that you do not possess the
appropriate permit. Yet the warden hesitates.
"Wait a minute. Social worker? What's that like? My sister's
looking for a job."
You explain that the role is one of support and problem-
solving, rooted in social and interpersonal difficulties.
It
requires careful record-keeping and liaison with a wide
range of other services and agencies, under pressure from
shrinking budgets.
At heart, the work aims for a more equal
and just society.
21

--- PAGE 23 ---
SOLO CASE FILE: THE DOMESTIC
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
"Oh right. Forget it then. She's pretty social, but not much
of a worker, if you know what I mean."
The warden looks in
both directions. "I'll miss you this time, love, OK? Don't be
here in an hour."
She walks off. You cross the road.
Go to 107.
(52)
58
You duck and roll across the yard, while the snarling ball of
grubby trouble soars through the space you recently occupied.
As you rise, you recognise your assailant as a Yorkshire
terrier-with a stare that would be at home in any post-
apocalyptic thriller.
You face up to the beast.
Go to 77.
(40,53)
59
You sidestep Knuckles' punch and get a lock on his arm. You
try to force him to the ground.
He continues to lash out at
your legs and stomach.
Continue the combat, but give Knuckles a penalty die for the remainder
of the fight.
This means that every time you roll for Knuckles, roll your
tens die twice and take the worst result.
So, if the tens dice come up
30 and 70 and the units die comes up 8, you have rolled 38 and 78.
The worst result is 78, so that's the one you have to use to determine
whether Knuckles succeeds or fails at his Fighting roll.
You may attempt a further combat manoeuvre to restrain
Knuckles completely.
Go to 67.
(39)
60
You flex your injured hand and grimace at the surge of pain.
You should probably apply ice to stop it swelling, but none is
available while you squat here on the paving of a stranger's
back garden.
The sooner you can deal with this situation, the
sooner you can get the injury looked at.
You press on from garden to garden, counting the fences
until you are level with Mrs Fellaman's flat.
Until you leave Prince of Wales Road, you must add a penalty
die to your Fighting rolls.
This means that every time you make
a Fighting roll, roll your tens die twice and take the worst result.
So, if the tens dice come up 40 and 60 and the units die comes up 1,
you have rolled 41 and 61. The worst result is 61, so that's the one
you have to use to determine whether you succeed or fail at your
Fighting roll.
Go to 65.
(44)
61
You glance at the neighbouring properties in the manner
of one who is concerned about confidentiality. The silence
stretches out.
Mrs Fellaman gives you the kind of stare perfected by
those with a preference for marmalade sandwiches.
She
shows no inclination whatsoever to relocate the conversation.
You have Constitution (CON) 60. Write that, and its half value
of 30, beside the characteristic name.
Your skills also use half values for Hard skill rolls. Fill those in now.
So, if your Stealth skill has a value of 60%, then its half value is
30%, written in this adventure as 60/30.
Go to 88.
(14, 31, 35, 46)
62
Knuckles is wary of you now. The two of you crash around
the living room, trading punches while crockery crunches
beneath your feet.
His heel snags on the fireplace and you
take the opportunity to seize Mrs Fellaman's carriage clock
and smash him over the head.
Mark down on some scrap paper that you inflict 1 damage to
Knuckles.
If you have inflicted 3 or more damage in total, your
opponent drops to the ground.
Go to 99.
Otherwise, go to 16.
(67)
63
The man at the wall hesitates. He doesn't answer your
questions about Mrs Fellaman. "What do you want?" he asks.
Something is wrong with his accent too. It is not the
kind of '60s cockney twang that would fit with the suit and
22

--- PAGE 24 ---
Solo Case File: The Domestic
Eugenia Fellaman. You glance at the werelight. While the
conversation continues, you are feeding magic to this ghost.
To ask the ghost why he is here, go to 93.
To shut down the werelight, go to 101.
(51)
64
Knuckles flees to the window and turns his back to clamber
out.
You vault over the settee and reach him in time to slam
his head against the frame.
Mark down on some scrap paper that you inflict 1 damage to
Knuckles.
If you have inflicted 3 or more damage in total, your
opponent drops to the ground.
Go to 99.
Otherwise, go to 103.
(16)
65
The flat has a small rear garden which looks like it was
tended with care until recently.
You try the kitchen door. It is
unlocked. You announce your presence and step inside the flat.
Mrs Fellaman appears in the doorway to the living room.
She looks defeated.
"Can't take a hint, can you?" she says. "Well, I suppose you
better come in."
Go to 10.
(38, 55, 60)
67
Knuckles spits, breathing hard. You are not the easy
victim he expected.
Continue the combat. If your opponent was the last person to
take their action, it is now your turn and vice versa.
Knuckles'
Fighting skill is $40/20.$
On your turn, decide whether you want to damage your opponent
or restrain him.
On his turn, Knuckles tries to damage you.
Carry out an opposed Fighting roll: make a Fighting roll for
Knuckles, and then one for yourself.
Triple zero (100) is a fumble;
01 is a Critical success.
Compare the two results: Critical success beats Hard success;
Hard success beats Regular success; Regular success beats fail;
fail
beats fumble.
Remember, if the opposed roll is tied, you may spend Luck to reduce
your roll enough to increase your level of success.
So, if you needed
45 for a Regular success and you rolled 56, you would have to
spend 11 points of Luck to succeed.
If you do not wish to spend Luck, the character who is taking their
action wins and the character who is responding loses.
If you win the opposed roll and decided to restrain your
opponent, go to 43.
If you win the opposed roll and decided to damage your
opponent, go to 62.
If you lose the opposed roll go to 89.
(48, 54, 59)
66
You are forced to concede that you do not possess the
appropriate permit.
The traffic warden taps her teeth with
the council-issued stylus and checks her watch.
Defeated, you return to the car and ease it out of the space.
After 20 minutes of circling, you find an incredibly tight
space three streets away.
Local kids sitting on a wall eye the
Escort's removable components.
Judging by their expressions
of disgust, you have nothing to fear.
You make your way on foot back to the address on Prince
of Wales Road.
68
You don't move fast enough. As its limbs splay in mid-air, you
identify a Yorkshire terrier, with a face constructed from a
shaggy nightmare.
It clips your ribs and knocks you spinning.
Pain flares up your leg as you get to your feet.
You were knocked prone by the dog's attack. This leaves you
particularly vulnerable to further attacks.
However, when it is
your turn to act, you may stand up as a free action.
Go to 77.
(40,53)
Go to 107.
(52)
23

--- PAGE 25 ---
SOLO CASE FILE: THE DOMESTIC
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
69
You concentrate on fixing the hammer in space. "Scindere!"
Spend 1 magic point. If you want to boost the spell for greater
effect, spend 1 additional magic point.
Update your current magic
points accordingly.
Make a Magic skill roll. Since you have mastered Scindere, you
may have a bonus die.
This means you roll your tens die twice and
take the best result.
So, if you roll 36 and 16, you would use the 16.
If you succeed, go to 75;
if you fail, go to 97.
(6)
70
This may not be the most professional move of your career.
However, it might put some distance between the householder
and whatever has manifested inside her residence.
Looking
around for a hiding place, you consider the steps above her
door, which lead to the flats above.
You would be in plain
sight, but only if Mrs Fellaman looks directly up. Worth a try.
From inside, you hear another plate smash. You rap on the
window then flee up the stairs.
You have barely reached your
refuge when Mrs Fellaman bursts from the door, moving
faster than you expected.
She appears to have a cricket bat.
Go to 74.
(7,27)
72
You tell the traffic warden you are a nurse attending a new
patient across the road.
The warden points her stylus at your
rear-view mirror. "You're not displaying the Health Emergency
Badge," she says.
You are a Nurse with links to the Folly. Note down Nurse as your
Occupation.
You have the expert skills Medicine at 60% and
Magic at 60%.
Write these skills and their starting values down
in the space for expert skills on your character sheet.
Raise your
Observation, Read Person, and Social skills from 30% to 60%.
You may choose one more common skill and raise that from 30% to
60%. Your starting skills are ready.
Finally, roll your ten-sided "units" die twice (usually written as
2D10) and add the result to 50. This is your starting Luck value.
So, if you rolled 8 and 7, your result would be $8+7+50=65$ Note
down your starting and current Luck values in the spaces provided.
For the moment, these numbers are both the same, but that may
change as this adventure continues.
Go to 81.
(1)
71
There is a hook on the wall behind Mrs Fellaman, upon which
hangs a ring with two Yale keys.
The letterbox has no brushes.
An enterprising burglar with a long, hooked stick and a steady
hand might enter with minimal force-or a magically-skilled
investigator looking for a conventional solution.
She follows your gaze over her shoulder and down the back
of the door. "What?" she asks.
You have Dexterity (DEX) 60. Write that, and its half value of
30, beside the characteristic name.
Your skills also use half values for Hard skill rolls. Fill those in
now.
So, if your Read Person skill has a value of 60%, then its half
value is 30%, от 60/30.
Go to 88.
(14, 20, 35, 46)
73
You put an armchair between yourself and Knuckles, bolt for
the door, and throw it open.
You scramble out onto Prince
of Wales Road, where the sounds of struggle have already
attracted a few passers-by.
One is on their phone, presumably
to the emergency services.
You are still an apprentice in the ways of magic, and you
have successfully escaped a dangerous situation.
You can call
in reinforcements. But this will not go down as a glorious day
in your career with the Folly.
Mrs Fellaman's voice splits the air, screaming at the
intruders.
From the thump of wood against flesh and the
whining of low-level toughs, she is giving as good as she gets.
You have failed to get to the bottom of what's happening at Prince
of Wales Road.
Don't worry if things didn't turn out for the best-
you can always return to the beginning and try again, perhaps
choosing a different occupation.
Good luck! THE END.
(109)
24

--- PAGE 26 ---
Solo Case File: The Domestic
74
Mrs Fellaman steps up to the pavement, brandishing her
willow-and-linseed-oil weapon with serious intent.
"I told
you boys I'm not paying!" she yells, scanning in both directions.
A passing cyclist swerves, narrowly missing the Escort.
She notices Ernie and steps closer to the car, eyeing the
hairy terror.
For a moment you visualise the paperwork that
will result if the pensioner you were supposed to be protecting
initiated an armed brawl with a stray dog you had acquired.
Then she turns around and spots you on the stairs. Her jaw sets.
If you are a Social Worker, go to 79.
Otherwise, make a Social skill roll. Remember, you achieve a
Regular success if you roll equal to the skill value or less, and you
achieve a Hard success if you roll equal to its half value or less.
If
you achieve a Hard success, go to 83. If you achieve a Regular
success, go to 87. If you fail the roll, go to 91.
(70)
75
Confusion breaks across Knuckles' face as the spell takes
hold and the hammer locks into place in the air.
If you boosted the spell, go to 80. Otherwise, go to 86.
(69)
76
You ask about the two boys Mrs Fellaman referred to earlier.
She wrinkles her nose.
"Toerags," she says. "Claimed I owe them money. I've never
seen them before in my life. If they come back, I'll give them
something they won't like."
Door-to-door scams are still popular in the area,
particularly those that target the elderly.
But this particular
lady does not seem susceptible to social engineering.
You have Intelligence (INT) 60. Write that, and its half value of
30, beside the characteristic name.
Your skills also use half values for Hard skill rolls. Fill those in now.
So, if your Social skill has a value of 60%, then its half value is
30%, от 60/30.
Go to 88.
(14, 20, 31, 46)
25

--- PAGE 27 ---
SOLO CASE FILE: THE DOMESTIC
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
77
As you confront the terrier, you experience three rapid
insights.
First, a nametag glints beneath the grimy leather of
its collar.
Second, a dog that is drawn to the Folly probably
has some innate magic sensitivity.
Third, it has noticed
your packet of artisan sausages, and its eyes are fixed on the
gleaming plastic wrap.
You pull open the packet and extract
a sausage for the hungry dog.
You could make an Animal Handling roll to subdue the Yorkshire
terrier-but you do not possess this expert skill.
You may instead
Try Your Luck, by spending 10 Luck points to attempt an Animal
Handling roll, but this will be a Hard roll on your Intelligence
(INT) or Power (POW), whichever is highest.
If you succeed, you
can choose to spend a further 10 points of Luck to permanently
acquire the Animal Handling skill.
If you want to Try Your Luck, go to 85.
If you prefer not to spend your Luck in this situation, go to 98.
(29, 47, 58, 68)
78
Your legs buckle and you fall into nothingness.
When your vision returns, you are staring at the light in
the centre of Mrs Fellaman's ceiling. Your head pounds.
Her
face looms into view, creating an impromptu eclipse.
"When you got mashed by that hammer, I thought you were a
goner," Mrs Fellaman says.
"Get off my carpet so I can sweep up."
She offers you a wiry hand.
Your attackers appear to have left.
Because you were Down at the end of the fight, you remain Hurt
for the rest of the day.
Erase the marks from the Down and
Bloodied boxes on your character sheet.
Go to 110.
(12)
79
This is not the first time you have faced down an irate senior
citizen wielding a cricket bat.
You are able to push aside
immediate worries about head injuries and concussion in
order to take a professional approach.
Go to 83.
(74)
80
Your onrushing attacker runs straight into the masonry
hammer, literally hitting himself in the face.
He goes down
like a coyote in a cartoon.
You turn to the second assailant.
Go to 99.
(75)
81
The Ford Escort you are using on this occasion does not have
the stock of blank badges you use on NHS (National Health
Service) business.
You go through your pockets for a spare.
The warden watches you search.
"It needs to display the
address or it's not valid," she comments unnecessarily.
You are going to make a Luck roll. Roll two ten-sided dice again.
This time, use both your "tens" and your "units" dice.
This will give
you a number between 01 and 100. So, if the tens die comes up 00,
and the units die comes up 4, you have rolled 4-this is known as
rolling 1D100 and is the most common roll in ROL:RPG play.
A
triple zero means 100.
Compare what you rolled to your current Luck value.
If you rolled equal to your current Luck value or less, you succeeded
at the Luck roll. Go to 90.
If you rolled higher than your current Luck value, you failed the
Luck roll. Go to 94.
(72)
82
You insist to Mrs Fellaman that you would like to come in
and talk about the previous night's disturbance.
She remains
in the doorway.
"I've already spoke to the other copper," she says. By this she
means the sergeant whose perceptive report led to your
involvement.
You try again to invite yourself into the house.
Mrs Fellaman plants her feet and folds her arms.
You have Power (POW) 60. Write that, and its half value of 30,
beside the characteristic name.
Your skills also use half values for Hard skill rolls. Fill those in now.
So, if your Athletics skill has a value of 30%, then its half value is
15%, written in this adventure as 30/15.
Go to 88.
(14, 20, 31, 35)
26

--- PAGE 28 ---
Solo Case File: The Domestic
83
Using your conflict resolution training, you frame your
actions as extracting Mrs Fellaman from a hazardous
situation.
You explain that your presence, however she might
resent it, represents the support of her community, and that
her nightly quarrels with a ghost are unsustainable both in
terms of disturbing the neighbours and her personal health.
The fight seems to go out of Mrs Fellaman. She leans on
the cricket bat and touches her bruised face.
"I know that," she says. "I just didn't want it to end yet." She
gives a long sigh.
"I suppose you'd better come in."
Go to 10.
(74, 79)
84
You kick Knuckles' ankles from beneath him, and his face hits
the floor.
He continues to wriggle like a fish out of water until
Mrs Fellaman pushes past you and administers the coup de
grace to his head with her cricket bat.
The resulting "whack"
would be familiar to any spectator at The Oval cricket ground.
Knuckles is Down. The second intruder is long gone. Go to 110.
(43)
85
You display the sausage and hold up a finger to indicate the
terrier should behave.
Your finger looks uncomfortably like
a second
sausage. sau
Subtract 10 points from your current Luck.
You will use your Intelligence (INT) or Power (POW)
characteristic (whichever is highest) to attempt Animal Handling,
even though you don't possess this expert skill.
Try Your Luck by
making a Hard roll against INT or POW (whichever is highest).
As usual, you may spend additional Luck to improve your roll.
If you succeed at the roll, go to 92.
If you fail the roll, go to 98.
(77)
You have successfully disarmed your opponent. Go to 39.
(75)
87
You try to reassure Mrs Fellaman that you have only her best
interests at heart.
She swings the bat at you, but you can see
her rage and the strength behind each blow-dissipating.
To dodge the cricket bat, make a Fighting roll. As Mrs Fellaman
is conflicted about the fight, you may apply a bonus die to your roll.
This means you roll your tens die twice and take the best result.
So,
if you roll 71 and 41, you would use the 41.
If you succeed, go to 96; if you fail, go to 100.
(74)
88
"I've got a pot on the stove," Mrs Fellaman says.
You tell her that everybody is concerned about her safety.
"That's nice," she says.
"But it's my patience you should be
worried about. That other copper looked all over the house, and she
found nothing. Haven't you got anything better to do than harass
an old age pensioner?"
You adopt a particularly patient tone while explaining
you're there to help.
"I'm sick of your help," she says. "Have you got a warrant or
council notice or something?"
You admit that you have not.
"Then you can piss off," she says and closes the door in your face.
Allocate the following numbers to your remaining three
characteristics: 50, 50, 40.
Your movement rate (MOV) is 8.
Go to 102.
$(50,61,71,76,82)$
86
Knuckles hauls at the hammer, unable to comprehend the
force holding it frozen in space.
He gives it a few more pulls
before turning to face you.
89
Knuckles closes in, shrugging off your blows to land a
heavy punch against your stomach.
You feel the breath
rush out of you.
Mark down that you take 1 damage. If you have suffered 1 damage
in total, you are Hurt.
If you have suffered 2 damage in total, you
are Bloodied.
Mark the appropriate boxes on your character sheet
and go to 16.
27

--- PAGE 29 ---
SOLO CASE FILE: THE DOMESTIC
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
If you have suffered 3 damage in total, you are Down.
Mark the
Down box on your character sheet and go to 95.
(67)
90
You find an old Health Emergency Badge in your jacket
pocket.
It is creased, dog-eared, and features a ring from
a coffee mug across one corner, which is presumably why
you never used it.
You lean on the roof of the Escort to
inscribe the address of your new client in painstakingly clear
capital letters.
The warden makes a point of lingering until you hang the
HEB from the mirror of the Escort.
Clinging to this token
victory, she moves off.
You cross the road.
Go to 107.
(81)
91
Your attempts to calm Mrs Fellaman down only seem to
increase her fury, and she steps towards you with her cricket
bat raised.
You have no alternative but to get out of the way.
If you have not already tried it, you may retreat and go around the
back instead. Go to 33.
Otherwise, you must make a forced entry. Go to 104.
(74)
92
The terrier's attitude improves significantly once it realises it
can obtain a sausage for good behaviour.
After a bit of initial
skittering around and snarling, it sits up and waits, trembling
as it eyes the meaty reward.
Three hard-earned sausages later, the dog is calm
and compliant.
To permanently gain the Animal Handling expert skill at half the
appropriate skill value (either INT or POW, depending on which
one you used to make the skill roll), spend a further 10 points of
Luck and then write the skill name, along with its full and half
values, on your character sheet.
Go to 106.
93
The man's eyes flicker to the werelight and then to Mrs
Fellaman. He doesn't answer.
You have fed him enough magic. Time to wind this up.
Go to 101.
(51, 63)
94
You complete your search and admit you do not have a
Health Emergency Badge to display.
You show the warden
your NHS identification card instead and appeal to her good
nature.
She taps her teeth with the council-issued stylus and
checks her watch.
Defeated, you return to the car and ease it out of the
space.
After 20 minutes of circling, you find a space behind
a gardener's lorry three streets away.
Before you can shut
off the air conditioning, the car fills with the pungent
stench of compost.
You make your way on foot back to the address on Prince
of Wales Road.
Go to 107.
(81)
95
Knuckles grabs your collar and, spittle flying, headbutts you
in the face. Everything goes dark.
When you rise back to consciousness, something is lying
on your face.
You reach for it and find it to be the shaft of a
standard lamp. The shade has been smashed.
As you roll it
aside, Mrs Fellaman drifts into view.
"I liked that lamp," she says. "Got it from Harrods."
She picks up the lamp without offering you any assistance.
The attackers appear to have left.
Because you were Down at the end of the fight, you remain Hurt
for the rest of the day.
Erase the marks from the Down and
Bloodied boxes on your character sheet.
Go to 110.
(48,89)
(85)
28

--- PAGE 30 ---
Solo Case File: The Domestic
96
You duck under the last swing of the bat. Mrs Fellaman
suddenly seems to feel its weight and lets it rest on the step
beneath you.
She slumps against the railing.
You relieve her of the weighty bat and insist that you
should enter the flat to assess the situation.
"I just got my blood up," she says. "Sorry about trying to clobber
you and all that."
You return to the flat together.
Go to 10.
(87)
"Get out of it," she says. "You'll get your money when I've got it."
He stumbles to the rear window and topples out into the
night.
You hear creaks and moans as he retraces his path
through strangers' gardens.
Mrs Fellaman looks up at you. "My fault," she says.
"I get a
little frisky sometimes on the gee-gees. I'm none too particular who
I take a loan from."
You'll have to decide what to do with Knuckles, who is
currently groaning on the carpet.
But that can wait for later.
Go to 110.
(37, 54, 62, 64, 80, 105)
97
Under pressure, you sometimes find it hard to shape the
forma.
The hammer arcing towards your head represents a
significant amount of pressure. This time, the spell eludes you.
You must deal with your attacker, hand-to-hand. Go to 4.
(69)
98
The terrier's response is swift and overwhelming. As it
charges, you whip the sausage out of reach-but it is not
aiming for your paltry single sausage.
Its jaws clamp around
the entire bag of sausages and its weight drags you off balance.
You stumble and your head crashes against the wall. As you
thump to the ground, the bag gives way and artisan sausages
spill across the yard.
After 30 seconds of deep breathing and cold personal
reflection to a soundtrack of tearing plastic and meaty guzzling,
you sit up.
Most of the sausages are gone. The dog, however, is
calmer.
It sniffs and watches you mop blood from your temple.
You are Hurt: in pain, but able to carry on. Mark that you are
Hurt on your character sheet.
Your performance is not affected yet,
but subsequent injuries could change that.
You will recover (erasing the mark for Hurt) when you leave the
Folly and move to the next scene in the story.
Go to 106.
(77,85)
99
You turn to see Mrs Fellaman swing a cricket bat into the face
of the second invader.
He drops like wet laundry. She studies
him for a moment before delivering a single, considered kick
to his groin.
100
The cricket bat connects with your shoulder and slams you
against the railing.
Mrs Fellaman, at least, has the good
manners to be appalled at what she has done.
You take the
bat from her hands and reassure her that no bones are broken.
"I just got my blood up," she says. "Sorry about that. It wasn't
really you I was mad at. I suppose you had better come in."
You return to the flat together.
You have suffered 1 damage and are Hurt. There is a box to mark
this on your character sheet.
However, because the combat has ended,
you immediately recover from your Hurt state.
If Mrs Fellaman had
hit you again, the consequences would have been more significant.
Go to 10.
(87)
101
You ask the ghost what his mother's name is. He frowns and
hesitates. "What do you want to know for?"
he says.
The hesitation tells you enough. You extinguish the
werelight and "Victor" instantly fades to transparency. A
whisper tickles the air.
"Martha."
"Bring him back," Mrs Fellaman says.
You ask her if Victor's mother was named Martha.
"No." She looks sour. "But he's dead. You're bound to forget-"
The back window shatters.
Go to 6.
(51, 63, 93)
29

--- PAGE 31 ---
SOLO CASE FILE: THE DOMESTIC
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
102
You return to the Ford Escort and settle behind the wheel to
consider your options.
After a minute, you unfold the report
for another look.
The Camden response team passed the details onto the
local neighbourhood safety team, which is headed by a
Sergeant Sutherland.
You put a call into the local station and
get her on the phone.
Once you get past the initial wariness
that most police have for agents of the Folly, she relaxes
and opens up.
"I talked to the neighbours, confirmed their stories, made a
follow-up visit to Mrs Fellaman, and found precisely nothing. And,
since all I had on that night was leftover pasta bake, I parked my
own car outside and waited until I heard the argument for myself."
The sergeant's notes specify hearing two voices. But
when Sutherland talked herself inside the flat, Mrs
Fellaman was alone.
"That's right," she says. "And I'll tell you, something was off
about that flat."
Members of the general public are regularly unsettled
by inconsequential tosh.
But Sergeant Sutherland's 30
years of experience in policing are as good a barometer for
supernatural activity as you are likely to find.
"Your kind of weird bollocks," she says.
Before you can take any further action on this case, such as an
unauthorised entry to Mrs Fellaman's flat, you need to be sure
that there is indeed some "weird bollocks" going on.
Go to 5.
(88)
103
Knuckles dives through the open window. His compatriot
seems long gone. You get to the window.
Shrubs bend and
fencing creaks. Groans punctuate his journey through the
gardens of Prince of Wales Road.
Mrs Fellaman comes up behind you, leaning on her cricket
bat. "Let him go," she says.
"I already sent his friend packing.
And I do owe them the money. A couple of sure things at the races
that didn't come in."
Go to 110.
(16)
30

--- PAGE 32 ---
Solo Case File: The Domestic
104
Walking away from a ghostly manifestation in progress
is not an option, and you seem to have exhausted all of
your alternatives except one.
You examine Mrs Fellaman's
door and the Yale lock that secures it.
A more experienced
magician could simply carve out the cylinder, but you will
have to do it the old-fashioned way.
You get a run-up as best you can and shoulder the door.
It flies open with a crack, admitting you into the flat's
narrow hallway.
As you turn to survey the interior, a strange disc tumbles
through the air.
By the time you recognise it as a dinner plate
with decorative bird illustrations, it is dangerously close to
your face.
You duck.
Make a Fighting roll. If you fail, suffer 1 damage and become
Hurt. Mark this on your character sheet.
Although painful, it does
not otherwise affect your performance.
Go to 108.
(27, 49, 91)
Go to 2.
(92,98)
107
The Victorian terrace carries a certain dignity as it faces off
against the new builds across the road.
Its sash windows and
ironwork look recently painted. The disturbance you are here
to investigate came from the half basement below.
You study the exterior. There are no external signs of a
struggle.
A door is crammed in below the steps to the main
entrance a familiar construction in this area.
That door
was probably the tradesman's entrance before the house was
divided into flats.
The door has no bell, but it does have a large brass knocker
mottled with verdigris.
You lift it and knock.
Go to 3.
(25, 36, 57, 66, 90, 94)
105
You kick Knuckles' ankles from beneath him, and his face hits the
floor.
Before he can wriggle out of it, you put a knee on his back
and sling one cuff around his right wrist.
A twist of the forearm
brings the other wrist close enough to fasten the second cuff.
Now to deal with the second assailant.
Go to 99.
(43)
108
Mrs Fellaman approaches, another plate in hand. She looks
at the cracked doorframe and sighs.
"Don't know when to give up, do you? I thought you were one of
them lads wanting money. I could have split your head open. Oh
well, since you're here I'll make you a cup of tea. And then you can
phone for a carpenter."
Go to 10.
(104)
106
The dog does not resist as you crouch down and lift the brass
tag on its collar.
The tag is shaped like a cartoon bone and
engraved with tight capital letters reading ERNIE.
Satiated
on sausages, Ernie seems more curious than aggressive.
You look up at the coach house window. Molly is unmoved
by your struggle.
She makes a flittering hand gesture towards
the gate to the street.
Nobody around Russell Square appears to be looking for
a lost dog.
You can attempt to locate Ernie's owners once he
has performed a quick service on the Folly's behalf.
In the back of the Escort, you find a beach towel and
spread it over the back seat.
Ernie is content to hop inside,
spraying flakes of grime as he goes.
You borrow Toby's spare
lead and get back into the car.
31
109
You shoulder Knuckles away vay and scramble out of range.
In
the process, you place a foot wrong and tumble to one knee
among the fragments of crockery.
As you stand back up, Knuckles sneers and turns his
attention to Mrs Fellaman.
She confronts the two intruders
alone, her gaze following the hammer.
Knuckles glances at you. "You still here?" he says. "Beat it."
If you are still at full health, take 1 damage from your fall, and
so mark the Hurt box on your character sheet.
Otherwise, your
injuries are minor.
To make good your escape, go to 73.
To jump back in to defend Mrs Fellaman, go to 34.
(8)

--- PAGE 33 ---
SOLO CASE FILE: THE DOMESTIC
110
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
Mrs Fellaman is still holding a cricket bat spattered with fresh
blood.
She clicks her tongue and runs the bat's wooden surface
under the cold tap.
While she is distracted, you turn your attention
back to her domestic ghost.
Something bothers you about the
wall where he appeared. You've been in flats built to the same plan,
and they had a pantry alcove to the left of the bricked-up fireplace.
"What about my husband?" Mrs Fellaman asks.
Still eyeing the wall, you explain that you were briefed
about her family history, and her husband left her 30 years
ago.
He is currently living in Prestatyn, Wales, with a woman
named Blodwyn.
"I knew that." She dries the cricket bat with a dishtowel.
"I
just assumed he'd died recently, got over the Welsh bint, and come
back where he belongs."
You report that, as of this morning, he was alive and well.
"Pity," she says.
Go to 111.
(78, 84, 95, 99, 103)
111
"So, who have I been talking to?" Mrs Fellaman asks.
As you advise her the ghost probably took the form of her
husband to suit her, you knock on the wall in front of the
missing alcove.
Your third knock produces a hollow thud.
You cast your eyes around the room and spot Knuckles'
discarded masonry hammer.
You get a solid two-handed grip
and inform Mrs Fellaman that you are about to make a mess.
"Wait a minute," she says.
You swing the hammer. The iron head goes through on
the first blow.
"He did look like my Victor. How would he know?"
You knock out the loose plaster around the edges of the
hole and use your phone as a torch to peer inside.
There is a
strong flash of carbolic soap and fish guts, the smell of sweat,
and a blast of cold that numbs your fingers.
Vestigia! The
torch beam casts shadows around a hollow that you quickly
recognise as the eye socket of a skull.
Squinting, you see
what might be a pile of other bones beneath it-the rest of
the skeleton.
"What can you see?"
You look at Mrs Fellaman. Perhaps the body was some
mistreated domestic worker from the late 19th century.
Then
again, Eugenia Fellaman has quite a temper. Perhaps there
was somebody after her beloved Victor who never made it
out of the flat.
Nine times out of ten, when the bones are
removed, the ghost goes with them.
You can always borrow
Ernie again and take a stroll along Prince of Wales Road,
just to check.
For now, though, you have a phone call to make. What
happens afterwards will not be your problem.
Well done, you've completed your first case file. Welcome to Rivers
of London: the Roleplaying Game! THE END.
(110)
NEXT STEPS
Now you've had your first taste of RoL:RPG, you might be
wondering what to do next.
If you've enjoyed the game and
fancy becoming a GM, you could try running The Domestic
for one or two friends.
There are a couple of ways you can do this:
• You read out an entry to your friend(s), they discuss
the options and decide which path to follow, you move
onto the next appropriate entry, and so on.
This is
similar to the way you played through the game, just
with more people.
• You read through The Domestic several times, making
notes about what order the scenes take place in, where they
happen, what happens in them, who is present, what dice
rolls are needed, etc. When you are ready to play, you then
help your friend(s) choose one of the three occupations for
their investigator and fill in a character sheet.
Once that's
done, you use the text in each entry as a guide to take
your friend(s) through the adventure.
This is a little more
challenging than the first option as your player(s) may not
go in exactly the same direction as the plot, but go with it
and, hopefully, you'll all have a lot of fun!
Alternatively, you might want to share The Domestic
with your friends and encourage them to play through it
the same way you did.
And, if you would like to continue
your adventures in Ben's magical world, you might also like
to purchase the ROL:RPG core rulebook, available from
chaosium.com.
In it, you'll find the full rules for creating
investigators and playing the game, along with another case
file based on Ben's short story, "The Cockpit."
There's even an
exclusive piece of microfiction by Ben for you to enjoy!
For more information, visit the Rivers of London page at
chaosium.com, and click through for some free downloads.
And if you sign up to our newsletter, you'll be the first to hear
all the news and updates about our games!
32

--- PAGE 34 ---
CHA3201
The Domestic
An Introductory Solo Adventure for
Rivers of London: the Roleplaying Game
Spring, 2016: the Folly, also known as the
Metropolitan Police Service's "special magic
branch," has received word of repeated
domestic disturbances at an address on Prince
of Wales Road, London-and very odd ones,
at that!
Convinced that there's more going on than
meets the eye, DCI Thomas Nightingale has
assigned you, his newest recruit, to the case.
The Domestic is an introductory scenario
designed for one player, based on Ben
Aaronovitch's short story of the same name.
Choose to play as a magic-wielding police
officer, nurse, or social worker in a game
set in the world of Ben Aaronovitch's hugely
successful Rivers of London series.
Armed with this book, a pencil, and some
roleplaying dice, you are ready to take on your
first case for the Folly.
Can you solve the mystery on Prince of Wales
Road?
CHA3201-ISBN: 978-1-56882-484-0
ISBN: 978-1-56882-484-0
50999
Rivers of London, including all distinctive characters and locations
© 2023 Ben Aaronovitch. Used with permission.
9781568 824840"
Chaosium®
The Domestic Introductory Solo Adventure © 2023 Chaosium Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
CHAOSIUM
INC.